TINY-9814: fix toolbar refresh with `toolbar_sticky` (#8734)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Typing after deleting formatted content could remove a space at the start of the typing. #TINY-9310

> - Switching from a `view` to an `editor` with a `toolbar_sticky` and `toolbar_sticky_offset` and is scrolled, only the more button is showed. #TINY-9814

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The sticky toolbar would not be rendered correctly when transitioning from the custom editor view to the main view. #TINY-9814
```

Author: changed
